lea
The wind blows in the east and the south
The wind is blowing in the west and the south
What is it? What is it? What is it?
The sky is clear in the evening
The azuma is falling
Let's go to the moon
Let's go to the moon to the sea
The sea is clear
The wind is blowing in the east and the south
What is it? What is it? What is it?
The azuma is falling
The sound is good
The sound is good until dawn
The salt is melting
The water is boiling
The sound is good
The song is fast
The temperature is high
What is it? What is it? What is it?
The wind is blowing in the east and the south
The spring and the autumn are good
The sea is clear
The salt is melting
The water is boiling